Improvements of GenericWriter (#1487)
DGtal-team/DGtal: ChangeLog.md

- *io*
  - The GenericWriter can now export in 3D ITK format (nii, mha,  mhd,  tiff).  
    (Bertrand Kerautret [#1485](https://github.com/DGtal-team/DGtal/pull/1485))

>   - New Viridis ColorGradientPreset and cleaning useless template specializations in

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - New Viridis ColorGradientPreset and clean of  useless template specializations in
```
